♪ Life is like a big gamble. ♪
♪ you can win or lose ♪
♪ There are no sure winners ♪
♪ Great if you get a good hand. ♪
♪ get nervous if you don’t ♪
♪ Don’t cheat ♪
♪ Because fate’s revenge is different ♪
♪ You can’t just carelessly throw ♪
♪ Remember. cards have a lot of numbers ♪
♪ Fortune’s not always
on your side. learn to wait ♪
♪ Remember life has disadvantages ♪
♪ Learn to bet. win or lose ♪
♪ Nothing’s certain about life ♪
♪ Fortune’s not always
in your favor. learn to wait ♪
♪ Remember life’s a losing game ♪
♪ Learn to bet. win or lose ♪
♪ Life’s never certain ♪
♪ Luck isn’t always on your side ♪
♪ You can’t just win all the time ♪
♪ If you’re lucky don’t stop dealing ♪
♪ Grab the chance because it’s fair ♪
♪ Don’t rely on luck
because that’s unlucky ♪
♪ Fortune’s not always
on your side. learn to wait ♪
♪ Remember life has disadvantages ♪
♪ Learn to bet. win or lose ♪
♪ Nothing’s certain about life ♪
♪ Fortune’s not always
in your favor. learn to wait ♪
♪ Remember life’s a losing game ♪
♪ Learn to bet. win or lose ♪
♪ Life’s never certain ♪
♪ Fortune’s not always
in your favor. learn to wait ♪
♪ Remember life’s a losing game ♪
♪ Learn to bet. win or lose ♪
♪ Life’s never certain ♪
♪ Fortune’s not always
in your favor. learn to wait ♪
♪ Remember life’s a losing game ♪
♪ Learn to bet. win or lose ♪
♪ Life’s never certain ♪
Your cards look good.
The dealer seems lucky.
Ugh. asking money
for snacks again?
Later! I'm on a losing streak.
Bro. you deal so fast.
You’re doing it too fast.
What are you trying to pull off here?
What do you think I’m doing?
You're always winning
because you're cheating.
- How am I cheating you?
- You fuck!
- What tricks are you playing here?
- I'm just playing.
Hey! You fuckers. you have
the balls to fight here.
Get out of here!
Don’t fight here!
Leave!
How dare you disrespect this place?!
Village guards!
They’re fighting!
Stop them! Hurry!
Fuck you!
We’re grieving our dead here!
Assholes!
Fuckers!
Stop!
- Stop!
- Shit!
What the hell!
Move out of the way!
- I'm so sweaty!
- Hey. look. he's probably a thief!
Move!
Stop running around here!
Over there!
Which pill is for the kidney?
Okay.
It’s this one.
Okay. Here you go.
Here’s water.
Son.
Son. where’ve you been?
You left so early.
I didn’t go far.
Have you eaten?
You sure? Drink it then.
Hey. Mark!
Why don’t you help Mama and Papa?
You’re wasting time on that phone.
They can handle that.
You’re a grown man
but you haven’t changed.
I might lose this game.
Lose? I’ll throw your cellphone.
Hey. how did you get that?
Oh. son.
In the alley.
You know how narrow that is. Papa.
- Got in a fight again. didn’t you?
- No.
It hurts.
I don’t believe you.
You tried to outrun somebody.
Be careful with those schemes of yours.
- Yes. Papa.
- Oh. hey!
Have you eaten already?
Yes. we just finished.
Here. eat.
Pass me a glass.
- Has my son eaten?
- Yes. he just finished.
Brother.
What?
We have our finals this week.
What do you need?
Tomorrow's the deadline.
I need to pay the tuition.
Let me eat first.
I’ll see what I can do.
Okay.
Where have you been?
- Just around.
- Go on. eat.
- I'm already eating.
- When I woke up. you were gone.
Aica. let your husband eat first...
don’t nag.
You always let him
do what he wants.
Take this to the kitchen.
I’ll take care of this.
Take this.
Stop that already.
Hey.
What happened to your arm?
Nothing.
You always mess up.
Try doing what I’m doing.
think you’ll be good at it?
Shut up.
Let me see.
Gently. It hurts!
I’ll do it myself.
I’ll do it!
Slowly.
It stings!
It really hurts.
What happened to your
promise that we’ll move out of here?
I haven’t saved much yet.
I need to look after Mama and my family.
Forget that.
Come on.
What?!
C'mon I want you.
Don’t be loud.
Take your towel off.
Popoy!
Yes Papa?
You have visitors.
I’m going out.
just changing my clothes.
Go home early.
What’s taking him so long?
- Poy. hurry up!
- Yes.
I’ll go now.
Son. where are you going?
I’m just going out with friends.
I’ll be back early.
Take care. okay?
Popoy. wait.
Notice that your mother’s feeling weaker.
Yes.
Any idea when we can
schedule her for a kidney transplant?
I’ll find a way. Papa.
How much do we bet?
Open bet.
Open bet? okay.
Cards down.
So. you lost?
Call!
You lose. give it to me.
- Sir. good evening.
- Yeah. good evening.
Lighter.
The table is available now.
What’s the limit here?
Open bet.
Okay.
How much will you bet?
Ten thousand.
Can I place a side bet?
Fifteen thousand.
Game.
Down.
Lucky start.
You win.
I’ll put fifty now.
Bet?
Bet.
Game?
Yes.
Show cards.
He won.
I’m so lucky tonight.
You don’t think I saw what you were doing?
You fucking cheater.
Hey you. motherfucker.
Fuck you all!
Fucking morons.
They cheated first.
We're just getting even.
Yeah. they knew they couldn't beat us.
Their tricks don't work anymore.
They thought they could fool us.
They don’t know who they’re up against.
That stupid fucking guy.
You forgot to lock it.
That was closed earlier.
but someone went out.
Really.
What’s the news?
Everything’s fine.
These guys had a good start. these just
arrived but they’re having a good game.
- Alright.
- They play fast.
- Not like the other day.
- Hey.
Hey man!
- How are you doing?
- We're okay.
Want more drinks?
We still have wine and beer.
How many cases have they finished?
Not a lot. but we're kinda tipsy.
- He’ll take care of you. okay?
- Alright. Sure. boss.
Just this?
The guys on the big
table on the left just started.
Really?
Just wait a while.
it’ll be a quick payout.
We better collect more.
That’s for sure.
- Okay.
- Want coffee?
No.
Water?
Fuck. just do your job.
If you say so.
How much did we score?
Hm. fifty. What Ryan got
from the guys downstairs.
Then what we won tonight…
A hundred and fifty.
- This is fifty.
- That’s good.
- You guys good? Want drinks?
- No. we're fine.
Here you go.
One hundred and fifty.
- Give it to me.
- Here.
A hundred seventy.
How much is it again?
A hundred and seventy.
So I have two million one seventy.
Behave.
Yes. master.
I'm ready master.
Yes! Yes!
Behave.
Be patient.
Lie down! Fuck you.
Hey!
Shush!
Behave.
So how did it go earlier?
It was a mess.
Why?
We offed somebody there.
A Fil-Am.
Hey Bigboy. try to win.
- Who?
- Some stupid Fil-Am.
What happened there?
The payment.
Your share.
You too ‘Poy. here’s yours.
Madam.
What?
Where do we go next?
Home.
- Can I ask for smoke?
- Come on. then.
Echo.
This is for you.
Thank you. madam.
Paeng.
I’m going home.
Beer. boss?
You okay there?
Get off here.
Alright. Thanks.
Your mother collapsed earlier.
We need to bring her
to the hospital.
We need money for her dialysis.
Do you have money?
Five thousand.
Five thousand?
Your mother needs a dialysis.
She needs blood transfusion.
This isn’t enough.
Wait. I’ll just get some more.
Who was that?
Who’s that girl in the car?
She’s the boss’ girl.
She just gave me a ride home.
Don’t try to insinuate anything.
You came home late again.
You know I’m trying to earn money.
Here it is. Pa.
Okay.
I think that’s enough.
I’ll count it first.
But I think this will do.
at least as downpayment.
I'll keep it first.
When will we take her to the hospital?
As soon as we can.
What are we waiting for?
What time is it?
It’s morning already.
I’ll just rest for a while.
Rest a bit.
while I prepare your mother.
Do you have a fever?
Don’t cry anymore.
Son! What happened?
He’s crying.
Baby. it's okay. I'm here.
I’m sorry. Mama had to work.
- I'll go.
- Okay? Don’t choke.
Everything's alright.
You want to play?
You’ve got a lot of toys.
What do you want?
Mama.
Good morning!
Oh. you’re home already!
You know your daughter isn’t home yet?
She’s becoming exactly like you!
You’re both messed up.
So... be quiet.
Before you talk. I have a brilliant idea.
Please. not now.
I’ll send you both to rehab.
I’m so tired.
Hello Mom. good morning!
Hey!
You’re early today!
Good morning. Dad!
You also arrived just now?
I missed you.
As usual. he’s got another
woman’s scent on him. Mom.
How many have you had?
You’re wasting your tuition fees.
Stop taking drugs. alright?
- What do you care. Dad?
- This is your last warning.
Look. my father’s
concerned about me. Mom!
You shit. you’re disrespecting me?
- You won’t listen to me?
- Rudy.
Fuck you!
Enough!
- I’ll file a case against you two.
- Stop!
Try to hurt me again!
You’re a worthless father!
Enough. Rudy.
I’ll take care of this.
Talk to that child of yours. Fuck.
I’ll have you jailed!
You think I’m joking.
It's okay. Mama's here.
♪ You don’t take notice ♪
♪ You’re getting hustled ♪
♪ Who’s the real hustler? ♪
♪ The cheater or the cheated? ♪
♪ You have to do everything
In a world where you have to hustle ♪
♪ Right or wrong?
It’s up to you to decide ♪
♪ For the money ♪
♪ Can you fight for money ♪
Thank you. son.
I’m getting better.
Don’t worry about me.
You should prioritize your own family now.
Especially your son.
Your son is growing up.
Your family needs you.
Put them first.
Here.
I’ve eaten enough.
- What?
- I’m full.
Felix.
Felix. my son.
I know you can hear me.
They will pay for what they did to you.
Good morning!
- Where’s your chief?
- He’s in an operation. sir.
Tell your Chief to come
to me as soon as he can.
We’ll tell him. sir.
Sir looks very angry.
Nurse. nurse.
Yes. sir?
This is a referral letter for a dialysis.
- Okay sir. the dialysis room is over here.
- Thank you.
- Come.
You alright?
Relax. it won't take long.
Mama. I’ll wait here.
- We’ll just be here outside.
- Okay. We’ll go in now.
You’ll just keep playing that?
You’re not a child anymore.
You know. ‘Poy. I’ve
been looking for a job.
I’m just not lucky. that’s all.
You know I also need your help.
I can't do everything by myself.
Just because you have money
and you shoulder everything?
You think you're better than me?
Buddies.
looks like we’ll have some clarity
about last night’s case.
So we can...
prepare accordingly.
We can fix what we need to do.
Boss. the police are there.
Is that so?
I’ll take care of it.
Hey boss!
- Sir! Good day to you.
- Good afternoon.
We came to invite you to the station.
Regarding what happened
at the hotel last night.
Oh. at the hotel.
Okay. I’ll go to your office.
Alright. sir.
We will wait for you there.
- I’ll give you my calling card.
- Okay. sir. We’d appreciate that.
You can reach me there. okay?
Thank you. sir.
- We’ll wait for you.
- Okay.
Thank you. sir.
Hello.
Hello. General!
How are you. boss?
Your boys paid me a visit.
Maybe you can talk to them.
What trouble did you get into?
They want me in for questioning.
I hope we can settle this quietly.
Ten million.
Where will I get ten million?
You know I don't get that much.
The guy you killed. he’s no small fry.
Why? What happened?
Find a way if you want to get out of this.
Please. general.
Produce ten million.
Sir. how about...
five million?
Okay then. let’s settle this.
Fucking bastard.
Motherfucker.
That fucking American we hit.
I didn’t know he’s fucking big-time.
So unlucky.
The general’s asking
for a lot or he won’t help.
We need to raise a ton of cash.
As soon as possible.
It's stressing me out.
When I say ‘lock’.
you lock it in. okay?
Yes. babe. don’t you trust me?
Of course I do.
Come on. let's dance!
Let’s dance. come on!
- Come on. babe.
- I’m tired.
Please.
Poy!
Dance with her.
Go.
We’ll recover.
Let’s make money!
Show cards.
Lock it in.
You're all trumped! I win!
This is a winner.
We go double?
Alright.
I thought you meant I brought you luck.
Let's do this!
How much?
I beat you all.
Wow.
Aren’t you special?
More!
Yes. master.
Show cards.
I won!
My luck’s bad today.
I'm so unlucky.
That's good. boss.
One more.
Show cards.
Boss. the other girl in the table...
You're crazy. man.
Five million six hundred
seventy-five thousand.
- More?
- Yes. master.
Yes. yes. more!
I won again!
Show cards.
I won!
Flushes. full!
Give me all your money!
- My cards are bad.
- I shouldn’t have come today.
You want more?
Show cards.
Double full house.
I beat you all.
Here. That’s one forty thousand.
Already took my cut and the boys’ too.
Okay.
Automatic.
Okay. that’s great.
That’s nice.
Something new.
You like that?
So?
You want some more?
Keep doing it.
Who’s that?
The general.
I have to take the call.
Hello. general.
Boss?
Yes sir. Agreed.
I love you. general!
Fuck!
Show cards!
Four aces.
Royal flush! Give me your money!
I’ll go to the CR.
somebody take my seat.
Don’t go home.
You might not return that to us.
It's my turn.
The women have all the luck tonight.
Follow her.
Tell her I have a proposal.
A good one.
Miss. you played well earlier.
Depends...
Where’s Mika?
I must tell you something.
- What is it?
- My boss wants to get acquainted with you.
Are you tight with them?
Of course.
Can we meet at Z Bar?
- The Z Bar?
- Yes.
Sure. Make sure you’re there.
Yes.
Thank you.
- What’s your problem?
- What took you so long?
Can’t you see I’m taking a dump?
Get out of my way!
Don't feel bad.
That woman is a fucking good hustler.
But. you’re better.
Really?
Of course.
Put it in.
You feel so good.
Looking for my boss?
- Has he been waiting long?
- Pretty much.
Boss.
Hey. How are you?
Come here. have a seat.
Fuck. what’s that woman doing here?
Just listen.
- Mika!
- How are you?
This is what I need.
Join our group.
I know how you work.
I'm a hustler. too.
Come on. I'll pay you big money.
Everybody’s happy here. Come on!
I want twenty-five thousand
every time we play.
No questions asked.
Anyone got a problem with that?
Are we okay with
giving her twenty-five thousand?
We are okay with
twenty-five thousand pesos.
Okay. no problem.
Cheers to twenty-five thousand.
For the new member of the group!
Annoying.
Why do you look so down?
Why’s her cut bigger?
Xandra. I need Mika.
We need her.
Why?
Because I need money for the general.
If I don’t get it.
I’m in serious trouble.
You just met her.
While I’ve been here
a long time with you.
So I planted and did the hard work.
but someone else reaps it?
Really. Rodolfo.
I know you’re jealous.
Don’t be.
You know me.
I’ll just pay the general.
Things will go back to normal.
I promise.
Believe me.
I’m not in the mood.
I’ll make it up to you.
Just this time.
After that I’ll send that girl away.
She’s so small next to you.
See her legs?
Too short.
Come on.
I’ll make it up to you.
You’re ready. aren’t you?
I’m not in the mood.
You'll come around.
I don’t want to.
You don’t feel like it? Wait.
You want to get back at me?
Release your anger? Come.
Punish me.
Do whatever you want.
Go ahead.
Eat me too.
You want to chew on it?
Bite it? Anything!
Eat your own dick.
You motherfucker.
Hey! Wait! Fuck it!
Wait!
Hey!
Fuck!
How’s it going. Rodolfo?
Hello. general.
Where’s my money?
What?
Where's the money?
You're taking too long.
You won't have enough time.
Your hands are really quick.
You impress me.
Where did you learn?
How old are you now?
Twenty-three.
You’re still young.
You'll get even better.
You know there's
something better than this.
I have another mansion. you know.
I'll bring you there sometime.
You'll tour me there?
Yeah. I'll tour you everywhere.
What’s this. hey?
We’re talking business.
Just a meeting.
- Ah business?
- Yes.
Business? I know you!
This is business. the two of you?
- You’re so sweet to each other!
- Don’t get jealous.
Wait a second.
What do I care about you two?
This is your problem.
Don’t drag me into your affair.
You have the nerve to talk to me?
Just relax.
Let go of me! Son of a bitch!
What’s she to you?
Just a business partner. I told you.
Go away! Take her outside.
Fuck you! You treat me
like this after using me?
Madam. let's go.
She’s the one who should go. not me!
Why’s he sending me away?
Madam. calm down.
Who the fuck’s she?
Shameless bitch.
Just relax.
Let go of me.
- Go with them. It’s for the best.
- Let’s talk this over.
- This is for your own good.
- I'll change.
Let me go!
Just trust us.
Pa. let’s talk it over.
I’ll change. I swear it!
- We will visit you. okay?
- We’ll visit you soon Marie. don’t worry.
Wait.
- Go with them.
- Let go of me.
Ma!
That’s just how it is.
Better we do this than
to lose her completely.
We just have to do this.
I want to go home!
This is their fault!
- Always listen to us.
- Yes. Papa.
Always listen to Grandpa. okay?
- Very good. Study hard. okay?
- I will.
- I love you.
- I love you. Papa.
Hello. general.
Rodolfo. Time’s up.
You’re on your own now.
Yes. sir.
Will he be here later?
There he is.
Sirs. what can I do for you?
- Good afternoon.
- Sir.
You seem to have forgotten our boss.
You think so?
Please tell him I’m sorry.
I got quite busy.
Maybe you should halt
your operations for now.
Okay. I’ll fix everything.
- You sure?
- Yes. sir.
We’ll count on you.
What the fuck.
You heard them.
We’ll stop this for now.
Close shop.
Secure the place.
Let’s move.
- Can you please go inside right now?
- Who’s that?
- No one.
- Who's that?
- Just someone from work.
- No. I’ll stay here.
Who’s that woman?
Don’t mind it.
What are you doing here?
- What were you trying to do?
- Calm down.
- You think you can treat me like that?
We shall talk right now.
- Let’s talk at the other house. okay?
- We talk here and now!
- Who is this bitch?
- Nobody. just a business partner.
Business partner?
Why’s she storming here?
Because I haven’t
completely given her share.
- I’ll give it to you later!
- I will get my share right now!
- Who’s this woman?
- Who am I?
Your husband gets
his money through me.
And he gets his pleasure from me.
- You fucking whore!
- No. no! She’s not my whore!
- Go home. for God’s sake!
- Why’d you bring your whore here?
Don’t you ever show yourself here!
- Let’s go inside.
- Why did you let that come to the house?!
- She’s from work. not a slut.
- Who’s this whore. Rudy?
- Can you please listen to me?
- Fuck that!
You assholes!
Fuck the two of you!
Good news. the doctor called.
What did she say?
They found a donor.
- Ma.
- Yes?
We’ll take you to the doctor soon. okay?
No need.
I'll always stay by your side.
Get your strength back.
Thank you. son.
Papa and I will make
sure you get well again.
Hang in there. Ma.
Wait here. Pa.
Hello.
Popoy. let’s talk.
Sure.
I’ll wait for you around the corner.
I’ll go somewhere for a while. okay?
What is it. madam?
That fucking Rodolfo.
Asshole.
Why?
He’s your boss too. right?
We serve the same master.
Every penny he has. I earned it too.
Just because he met that pink-haired bitch.
I know the code to his vault.
We can get everything in it.
Madam. our boss has a lot of money. right?
Of course there are CCTVs all around.
What you are asking me
is very dangerous.
You know everybody there. Right?
I know you can do it.
Are you in?
Come on. help me out please.
Be careful with this boy of yours.
he’s probably more cunning than you.
I don’t think so.
He still has much to learn.
So. how's your business. by the way?
Show cards.
Nasty.
I won.
Lucky...
Good evening. boss.
Good evening. Bogs.
Get a haircut.
Alright. boss.
- I’ll just get coffee.
- Okay.
I'm ready.
Come in.
Feel at home. have a seat.
Is this all?
You got a big cut. right?
Don't worry.
I'll add more next time.
Especially if you're consistent.
Hey. Bro.
What are you doing here?
I saw someone running
outside the gate a while ago.
Maybe that’s the guy spying on the boss.
I don’t see anything.
I’m sure I saw someone.
Have you eaten?
Have some food first. I’ll take care of it.
Okay.
We have to be careful.
Bend over.
Bend over?
- Yes.
- We didn’t agree on this.
Fuck it.
Okay then.
If you do a good job. I’ll give you more.
Next time. I'll add more money.
In an instant. I doubled
the money I gave you.
I'll double down on you too.
I’ll stick it in wherever I want.
That okay with you?
As long as you pay well.
That's what I like to hear.
- There. What. are you enjoying it?
- Yes. A lot.
I want you to bark.
Louder!
- Can you take more?
- I can.
You sure?
Don’t worry. your husband won’t mind as
long as you give him a nice blowjob later.
I already sold my car. you know!
Just make sure to win then!
My lucky charm.
What are you doing here. Banong?
Aren’t you something?
You whore!
Bro.
I’m not talking to you.
- This isn’t your territory. calm down.
- I’m not talking to you.
Relax.
Banong. go home before
you get embarrassed here.
You fucker!
Are you challenging me?
Piece of advice. bro.
Her pussy’s delicious.
but it’s free for all.
That’s fine with me. I know it’s
delicious. I’ve tasted it too. man.
And I like it so much.
Smells great. brother!
You son of a bitch!
What were you saying?
Want me to blow your brains out?
You motherfucker. Huh?
You...
motherfucker.
Boss Rudy. maybe we can talk it out.
Open your mouth! Fucker!
- Boss...
- Open it!
Son of a bitch. open it!
Open!
Suck it!
Take back everything you said.
You son of a bitch!
So what now?
The next time you come here...
come with respect.
Fuck you!
Don’t be so cocky.
You don’t know who you’re messing with.
You son of a bitch!
Motherfucker!
Next time huh?
Let’s go.
- Boss.
- Yeah?
Time to get your shares.
Thanks. boss.
Thank you. boss.
Here.
Go now.
- Okay boss. thank you.
- Okay.
You’re running out of money
because you’ve a lot of women.
Save up. boy!
Hey. Popoy. son.
I’ve called the hospital.
they told me the donor’s there.
Okay. Pa.
Just bring Mama to the hospital.
I’ll be there.
We need six hundred fifty thousand.
We need to have that in cash.
I’ll take care of it.
Okay. Pa.
I worked hard to earn that money.
Our Father who art in
heaven. hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come thy
will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
Popoy. listen well.
You have to look for that small
notebook on top of the vault.
The last amount that’s written there.
that’s the code. okay?
- Okay. madam.
- Don’t forget.
Don’t you dare fail.
I won’t. madam.
Alright then.
Where’s the boss?
Bro?
Fuck!
What?
How?
Fuck it.
Okay. I’ll be there!
Pa.
The money’s there.
- Alright. I must go.
- Wait. Popoy.
Come.
Whatever it is you’re doing with your life.
just be careful.
I hope that God blesses you
for everything you’re doing.
If I could. I’d do what
you’re doing now.
I’m sorry. son.
It’s okay. Pa.
Rod. fuck it somebody got in the house!
You motherfuckers. Fuck you!
Who did this?
- You didn’t see his face?
- He hit me on the head. I don’t know!
When I woke up the vault was
already open. I have no idea!
Is it one of us? Huh?
Fuck it all.
This is where he hit me.
He passed this way.
Fuck!
Who’s your enemy?
Wait. let me think.
Let’s look at that—
I checked it already.
He deleted it.
- Bro. wait.
- Who are you working with?
- Who is it. you motherfucker?
- I’ll never betray you.
Fuck!
Who’s been messing with you?
So I planted and did the hard work.
but someone else reaps it?
You motherfucker.
this is how you treat me after using me?
You bastards! Fuck you two!
Where’s Xandra?
- Who are you?
- Where’s Xandra?!
She’s not here.
Where’s the money?
What money?
Where did you put it?
I don’t know what you’re talking about.
what money?
Tell me the truth.
I don’t know anything! Rodolfo!
- Tell me where it is.
- I don’t know anything!
- Give it to me!
- What money?
Give it back.
Who are you?!
Shut the fuck up!
Don’t try to interfere!
Don't hurt them.
I will forgive you.
Just tell me where my money is.
Where’s my money?!
Popoy has it!
Xandra!
You monster!
Damn bitch.
As you know. your Mother’s
kidney transplant was successful.
But sad to say. her body
layer rejected the new kidney.
Due to pulmonary congestion
and hypokalemia.
her body deteriorated so fast
and she couldn’t make it.
We did everything we could…
I told you to wait for me...
I told you I’d return immediately.
I’m sorry for the things I’ve done.